what do you tribute your longevity to
and your enthusiasm to because you've
always been a guy who loves fighting and
you always been a guy who mean you've
had that enthusiasm for a long time man
you know not a lot of things y'all can
capture my attention you know like I
can't just watch TV for example you know
like a football game and sit through the
whole thing I'm not trying to dish full
but on it I just don't have that
attention span or basketball or baseball
fighting can just like I'm talking to
you in the fight goes on and I'm just
like almost get sewn down you know it's
always had my attention since the kid
since before I knew that I could make
money off of it it just attracted me you
know he's that primal instinct survival
whatever it is is just hardwired deep
into me know and my longevity one thing
I definitely a tribute to is not taking
steroids man just being natural enjoying
this ride the natural form you know yeah
not like pushing my body towards limits
that I'm bench-pressing 400 pounds with
my ligaments or weak rings like that you
know and I also think God made me for
this you know the way that I've been
fighting my whole career you know I have
really good defense the last fight it
didn't show but I'm also like bit hard
man I walked out as look you got clipped
with one left hand in the initial after
you dick kicked him which is crazy as
the first fighter ever saw with an
opening flying side kick kick kick
Lou came to the balls sorry but then he
clipped you with was a perfect straight
left but you survived on the ground you
survived in the ground you covered up
you showed great defense on the ground
you got back to your feet and you kept
it together you know and the combination
that you hit him with you'd hit him with
that combination a couple times you did
is that something you prepared for that
when you were switching and then
throwing that left hand is that did you
prepare the one that was up on the yeah
yeah yeah me and my coach aw he's the
one that'll do like all the technique
the guy that I've been with forever
Pauline or nuns I think the greatest
training coach ever yeah he showed me
like hey let's do this you know don't
you techniques come on it's just do it
you know and we started doing and doing
and doing and this was like a while ago
and there's for this fight and I had
stopped doing you know because a lot of
techniques we work on a lot when
initiating when he brings me a technique
to the table we're
rep it out 1,000 times in a week and the
next week the same thing to leave feels
that I got it and they'll be like all
right cool it's it's there in the tool
shed when we need it will polish it up
so for this fight he's like hey remember
that technique let's let's bring it I
think it'll work
here man but he's a southpaw sec I'm
telling you the way he's moving ways you
know fighting with you it's gonna work
hmm so we started doing it and boom
money you caught him with it a couple
tons before you put him away with it
right I not with that one with that same
exact one similar ones that I did in a I
didn't go full south part to the Blitz
you know I did other different ways you
know and I also caught him a lot with
like overhand and left hook as he was
coming in specially in the second one I
caught him I think maybe twice with that
common yeah man that's a big knockout
that was a big knockout he's a he's an
interesting guy cuz he's really too big
for 170 yes so fucking tall but you are
a guy who doesn't cut much weight at all
like how much weight do you cut per set
whoa by the time I get into shape shape
I'm around 182 pounds 180 pounds so
fight week I get over there I'm like
eight pounds away some seven pounds away
and that's so light yeah it's nice I
don't cut anything at 55 if everything
went right when I used to fight 155 I
got there at 174 pounds 173 pounds 5%
body fat the rest is just water man it
would fucking kill me so I I always felt
I was too big for 55 you know I I love
the cousin competition was stiff there
but it was just getting harder and
harder once it took those IVs away
forget it there was no way for me to
make that way